language.name=English
language.region=US
language.code=en_US


item.pineapple.name=Pineapple
item.pineapple_golden.name=§6Golden Pineapple
item.pineapple_grilled.name=Grilled Pineapple
item.godly_pineapple.name=§bGodly Pineapple
item.pineapple_pie_uncooked.name=Uncooked Pineapple Pie 
item.pineapple_pie_cooked.name=Pineapple Pie 
item.pineapple_block.name=Pineapple Block

item.pineapple_rod.name=Pineapple Rod
item.pineapple_pie_dough.name=Pie Dough

item.pineapple_staff.name=§6Pineapple Staff
item.pineapple_sword.name=Pineapple Sword
item.pineapple_pickaxe.name=Pineapple Pickaxe
item.pineapple_axe.name=Pineapple Axe
item.pineapple_shovel.name=Pineapple Shovel
item.pineapple_hoe.name=Pineapple Hoe

item.godly_pineapple_staff.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Staff
item.godly_pineapple_sword.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Sword
item.godly_pineapple_pickaxe.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Pickaxe
item.godly_pineapple_axe.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Axe
item.godly_pineapple_shovel.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Shovel
item.godly_pineapple_hoe.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Hoe

item.pineapple_helmet.name=Pineapple Helmet
item.pineapple_chestplate.name=Pineapple Chestplate
item.pineapple_leggings.name=Pineapple Leggings
item.pineapple_boots.name=Pineapple Boots

item.godly_pineapple_helmet.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Helmet
item.godly_pineapple_chestplate.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Chestplate
item.godly_pineapple_leggings.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Leggings
item.godly_pineapple_boots.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Boots

tile.pineapple_block.name=Pineapple Block
tile.pineapple_pie.name=Pineapple Pie 
tile.godly_pineapple_block.name=Â§bGodly Pineapple Block

itemGroup.pineapple_tab=Â§6Pineapple Stuff